make sure to subscribe and leave a like
if you enjoy these videos where I
investigate underground activity
throughout runescape we're building up
to a quarter of a million subscribers
and I really appreciate it the first
thing I want to talk about today has to
do with botting bug abuse and Deadman
mode that epic tournament that's coming
back for the entire month of May I got
in contact with a bug abuser named drew
drew mainly told me about bugs that were
already public but then all of a sudden
he sent me this being unattackable on
dead man mode has its perks that is 3.2
million nature runes during a Deadman
mode tournament 8.2 bill in Deadman mode
and around 45 bil OS are sgp if you swap
it you're looking at probably about
35,000 dollars worth of pixels right
there some specific action that he
didn't leak could be repeated every ten
seconds to make your character
invincible once he figured that out he
then set up a bot farm to just craft
nature rooms on invincible accounts
I wonder how people who are trying to
attack those accounts didn't expose it
but then again because of six our new
account immunity maybe people thought
the accounts were still on that I want
to be clear with what I'm about to show
you just like botting this is against
game rules and you can be banned for it
I'm talking about multi boxing and mod
we've confirmed that he bans lots of
gold farmers for doing it a lot of
people commented on my last video that
the accounts I was seeing were probably
multi boxing whether or not that's true
I hadn't actually heard of it
multi boxing refers to software that
allows you to control many accounts by
playing on one at first that might not
seem that important but it's insanely
powerful especially in runescape think
about a money maker like making steel
bars at blast furnace which according to
the wiki is about 750 K per hour
now think about making steel bars on 200
accounts at once controlled by just one
account you can't even see the interface
for the other 200 accounts but they're
all still being controlled by the one
account you play on that means you would
make 150 mil GP per hour there are many
other game breaking ways of using it but
first a quick word from our sponsor
thanks to expressvpn for sponsoring
today's video expressvpn can do a lot
for runescape players when you're PK and
the new bounty hunter and you're risking
a high tiered emblem you don't want to
be prone to DDoS attacks so protect your
IP address with expressvpn it also
encrypts all sensitive information sent
from your computer while you're browsing
the internet or if you're training up an
account to go PK on like item and you
don't have access to a particular show
or movie in your region
Press VPN can unlock that content by
using servers in the areas the content
is available for example it expands
content on Netflix BBC iPlayer and many
other streaming services I actually
heavily use Express VPN on both my
computers and my phone to protect myself
from potential hackers it's super easy
to use just select whatever server in
the region you'd like to be shown in and
then hit the power button and it
connects in seconds to find out how you
can get three months free by clicking
the link in the description box below
expressvpn dot-com slash sir hugger I
got in contact with someone who sells
multi boxing software to people for a
lot of money he told me that his client
supports up to two hundred and fifty
accounts at once but account numbers are
completely arbitrary because it scales
with the amount of server power you have
theoretically someone could make a bill
per hour on thousands of accounts at
once so far it hasn't been pushed to its
limits at all though he says the maximum
GPU per hour any of his clients have
made is just 20 to 30 mil an hour at
blast furnace which means they were only
probably playing on Macs 40 accounts so
that's this client operating at 20
percent capacity
he says clients have used it to pk a
trevenant screen accounts to sell merge
quest I mean the list goes on some good
news though he said recently some client
accounts had been flagged and banned
it's hard to know the scale of this
problem so let me know if you guys have
seen any accounts you think have been
multi boxing they don't have to be on
the same world though which means it's
kind of hard to tell sometimes the owner
of this software said he had about 50
clients so it's not like there are
thousands of players doing this here's
another clip of someone using the client
and it's a good example of how this
client completely ruins the game it
looks like the guy in the clip is
playing on like five rag deep our
accounts at once he's in a PvP world and
as you can see in the clip if someone
gets near him he is perfect timing
inspecting them with a dark bow it's
like a perfect clan but it's only one
person think of what one guy on twenty
ten or even five accounts could do at
revenants a couple guys using this
client could easily wipe out a clan
multiple people have tipped me off about
rune dragon box or suspicious accounts
there I never included it in the video
because I thought they were just all the
counts making money for mains but it
actually goes a lot deeper than that I
talked to a guy who gold farms on a lots
of roon old accounts at once but he also
produces the accounts to sell or rent to
other players this is a screenshot of
his where he's playing on seven rune
drag
alts at once just a refresher room
dragons are some of the most consistent
afk money in the game they drop a rune
bar every single kill their average drop
is worth 42 K and the wiki says you
could make up to 1.4 mil per hour this
guy makes them with 95 attack 97
strength and 90 defense the requirements
are so high that they can take 300 to
350 hours to make an account this guy
has made over 100 of such accounts I
thought the price was absolutely
ridiculous but he says they go for two
bill or around 2000 USD if people buy
them they'd have to play over a thousand
hours just to make their money back he
says right now he is 40 rented out
between 35 and 50 mil per month but
something else is also going on here he
says that some of his clients used the
accounts to bot I checked some botting
forums for some private script requests
and found 2 4 room dragons just last
summer in 2019 the maker of these
accounts also said there are at least 4
other people making these rune dragon
alts to supply as BOTS gold farmers or
even mains let's take a look at a couple
major bot farms that were uncovered this
week I was receiving a ton of tips about
combat level 30 to 40s with really high
fishing in sonars and it turns out there
fishing Cobra moms but there are at
least 3 to 5 of them in every single
world I check whoever's running this
script is literally running hundreds of
accounts on it it's pretty crazy it
looks like this hasn't been heavily
botted for more than two weeks or at
least that's when they started selling
the rock or my mom's because the price
has been plummeting ever since like
April 8th that looks like I'm pretty
sure it's between 300 and 400 K per
hours so these bots together are making
a lot of gold
now the second bot farm is a little
smaller but it's evidence that botters
are really trying to hide their bots
scripts because I think they're getting
reported quite a bit this is a
free-to-play bot farm in the upstairs of
the Port Sarim jail they're training on
level 20 guards there and it's really
out of the way most people are traveling
by the second story of the Port Sarim
jail very frequently the bots aren't
even wearing amulets they're training
with full rune but some of them have
insanely high melee stats foreboding on
free to play without being banned a lot
of them have a tax strength and defense
in the high 60s I even found one with 74
of each they can't be getting more than
20k XP per hour and that's over 3 mill
XP that's a lot of body and last time I
checked I found one
exactly a few videos ago I mentioned a
potential account Factory at the sand
crabs
it was pretty obviously either a bought
farm or at least people making accounts
to sell I didn't actually imagine what
was going on in the background the guy
is responsible for a lot of this account
farming reached out to me he said a lot
of the accounts end up being 90 strength
90 range 40 attack accounts and that
he's working on 29 at once right now but
then he said not myself but they're in
the works through my workers this is
absolutely wild he hires Venezuelans who
don't even know how to play runescape to
train on eight of these accounts at once
he paid them 25 to 35 dollars per
account and the accounts take about a
month to make so the Venezuelans are
each making about two hundred and forty
dollars a month which is actually a
pretty decent wage there right now
I wanted to know though how he got in
contact with a bunch of people from
Venezuela he says he joins random
Facebook groups of Venezuelans use his
Google Translate to communicate with
them how much they would make by working
for him in runescape and that's how he
recruits them but then he actually sells
the accounts for $80 to a hundred and
sixty dollars so they make 240 a month
from the account but then he profits 560
from each worker that's three thousand
dollars a month with eight guys this guy
has over forty thousand dollars in sales
vouched for him and he's hiring more
people this is absolutely ridiculous but
then somebody also sent me this multi
boxing clip of other accounts training
at sand crabs that will then be sold I
don't know if one of the first guys
workers is now using a multi boxing
client to supply them with accounts but
a lot of dots are being connected here
on a few worlds more bowstring box than
I've ever seen have been running we're
talking about literally hundreds of them
in lumbridge castle somebody reached out
to me with a really interesting story
about them apparently every six hours a
mule account logs in in priest gown
behind the bank on the third floor of
Lumbridge Castle a lot of bought farms
completely automate mewling so the mule
is likely also a bot he said when the
mule account logs in he and his friends
have been telling other in that account
so that BOTS can't trade it they then
spam trade the BOTS and the bots will
actually trade over the bowstrings today
I don't know how that could be possible
and I myself haven't tried it at all but
this guy says his friend and him have
gotten over a hundred and eighty
thousand bowstring
which is pretty insane if anyone knows
how that might work let me know in the
comments so pyramid plunder BOTS used to
be like combat level 50 have full rune
and pretty high thievery
there might be one or two every world
but this is what it looks like now I
wish this bot farm was just in one world
but I've seen it in over 15 they're
literally searching that gold chest for
a chance at a Pharaoh's scepter which is
still over 7 mil there are thieving
levels 40 but they only get 40 xp when
they search the gold chests and then
leave the pyramid so they can't be
getting more than a couple thousand XP
per hour hopefully these guys are gonna
be banned really soon it's a huge bot
farm as I mentioned in a previous video
jagex has implemented some free-to-play
restrictions to combat BOTS that stopped
literally thousands of woodcutting bots
in free-to-play worlds less than a month
after that happened oak logs are now at
a hundred and thirteen GP they actually
peaked at over a hundred and seventy GP
each so the bots are out of the way and
now new players who train wood cutting
are gonna profit more hopefully making
the game more enjoyable and keeping
players around longer as most of you
probably know by now a new bounty hunter
has been released and emblems are
insanely rare it's rare to get them and
it's rare to upgrade them the combat
level of your account affects the rarity
of emblem drops and upgrades so a higher
level account is more likely to get them
so now that emblem boosters aren't BOTS
but they're maxed Clarence who just
boost on each other arguably they make a
lot more gold than they did in the
previous bounty hunters because a tier
10 right now goes for over a hundred mil
that means if they're going for a tier
10 each upgrade is 10 mil I don't know
why but they all logged out when I came
over there I launched a viewer email
address for you guys to send me tips or
just to say hi I love the community
investigation some of you guys have done
I've gotten three or four emails about
BOTS and gold farmers at armadyl you
guys found accounts with thousands of KC
there that don't even notice when you
crash them repeatedly I've gotten over
400 different emails in just a week I'll
try to respond to as many as I can and I
really appreciate you guys sending them
sir bugger tip off at gmail.com one of
the most wholesome emails I've gotten
was from a guy named Troy on his sixth
hard clue on his Iron Man he got a Third
Age full helmet leave a like if you guys
enjoyed the video and I'll see you guys
soon